[Music]
our earth is struggling folks it's given
us incredible resources that make our
lives so much easier but we're pushing
this planet our home and the only place
we know of where we can survive to its
limit
thankfully people are now setting all
kinds of eco-friendly trends and
companies are coming up with green
technologies that let consumers live a
low waste yet equally comfortable
lifestyle
here are some of the best examples
counting down from number 22 edible
cutlery disposable cutlery is a major
contributor to the growing plastic waste
crisis in the US alone approximately
forty billion plastic utensils are
thrown away every year that's why using
an edible alternative can help cut back
on all that plastic garbage these
utensils are actually made from millet
wheat and rice but that doesn't mean
they aren't sturdy you can even eat soup
with them and they won't fall apart they
taste like crackers so you could just
have them as a snack - number 21 2015 C
McCormack came up with an awesome way to
fix that she invented toothpaste that
comes in pills they're sold in a glass
bottle that's meant to be refilled all
you have to do is bite one of these
bills and it instantly becomes foamy
just like ordinary toothpaste as a bonus
these toothpaste bits don't need any
preservatives to stay fresh number
twenty off-grid energy
water lily is a relatively small turbine
that converts moving wind or water into
actual electricity so yes you can use it
to charge all your USB power devices
such as tablets smartphones cameras and
so on it has a compact design which is
why it's super easy to use it in almost
any outdoor situation this handy little
innovation not only creates energy in an
eco-friendly way it also makes camping
much more comfortable number-19 snow
that doesn't need fuel another super
cool thing for camping enthusiasts is
the bio light camp stove - it works only
on wood and it's fan creates smokeless
fire that can cook food and boil water
in minutes on top of that this eco stove
recycles unused heat during cooking and
turns it into electricity that you can
use to charge your electronics number 18
old plastic bottles as lightbulbs nearly
16 percent of the world's population
still lives without access to
electricity to solve this problem a
project called
a leader of life was launched in 2012 in
the Philippines the idea is to use
plastic bottles as lightbulbs by filling
them with water bleach and a tiny solar
panel when sunlight hits it the
refracted light helps these DIY bulbs
give off about 55 watts impressive
number 17 water blobs
no this isn't a water balloon Dipel that
you're annoying sibling good idea though
water blobs are an alternative for
single-use plastic water bottles they
consist of water surrounded by a
jelly-like capsule made of seaweed
extract this casing is 100%
biodegradable and has no taste
although the inventors are thinking
about adding some flavors to it you can
either tear the capsule and pour water
in your mouth or just gulp it down Hall
number 16 plastic bottle cutter
hey need some rope just start saving all
your plastic bottles and make one
yourself this cutter turns plastic
bottles into strips that you can use
around the household or for DIY projects
and crafting
not to mention cutting up bottles helps
reduce the amount of space they take up
on their way to be recycled it's a
win-win number 15
edible packaging when I say plastic
waste crisis earlier I wasn't kidding
about 10 million tons of plastic end up
in the sea and threaten marine life to
protect those sea dwellers saltwater
brewery produce sick pack rings that can
safely be eaten by marine animals since
they're made of wheat and barley common
leftovers from the brewing process when
one of these six pack rings gets into
the ocean it starts breaking down in a
few hours which saves animals from
getting stuck in them number 14 the
hydro wheel irrigator the barcia pump is
a hydro powered pump that works anywhere
there's flowing water when placed in a
river or stream it uses the energy from
the current to send water inland without
the need of expensive fuel they can help
farmers irrigate fields up to one mile
away with over 11,000 gallons of water a
day it works without electricity and
doesn't emit polluting gases either
[Music]
thirteen mr. trash wheel mr. trash wheel
is the cute nickname Baltimore locals
thought up for the Inner Harbor water
wheel this awesome machine collects
garbage flowing down the Jones Fall
River the water wheel turns on by the
power provided by the river's current
gathers all that nasty litter and debris
and deposit it into a dumpster when the
dumpsters full its towed away by boat
and a new one is put in its place
ingenious number 12
portable turbine
a Canadian company has invented a
turbine that turns a rivers perpetual
flow into power and makes up to 12
kilowatt hours which is enough to power
your home it takes only three people to
install this turbine but it does have to
be connected to an electrical generator
the company says that there's no
evidence that the turbine is harmful to
aquatic life so fish won't get trapped
or injured in it oh that's good to know
number 11 tire shredder a lot of people
keep their old tire stacking garages or
backyards where they just take up space
and serve no purpose what a waste of a
highly useful resource right well this
huge machine gives tires a second life
by separating the rubber from the
textile fiber and steel cords you can
then recycle these materials into new
products like for construction number-10
shipping container pools have you always
dreamed of having a swimming pool in
your backyard then choose one made from
old shipping containers it's a hot new
trend for cooling off in the summer heat
these pools are installed with a
filtration system you can place it above
in or partially in the ground one of the
perks of owning such a pool is that you
can take it with you if you decide to
relocate plus it just looks so cool
number nine trash can for the sea the
sea bin collects garbage by creating
water flow with the help of a pump the
water gets sucked into the seabed which
catches all floating debris and garbage
after trapping the litter in a bag the
water then flows back out to the sea
there's also a pad at the bottom of the
bag that can soak up oil
[Music]
number eight Shampoo pods these shampoo
pods are a plastic free and come in a
soluble form that contains enough
product to wash hair of any length and
simply melts in water these single-serve
pods can also hold conditioner body wash
and shaving cream all of them are free
of parabens preservatives or artificial
fragrances oh yeah and the bright mind
behind this creation
Benjamin Stern came up with the idea
when he was just 14 years old
number seven powder that cleans dirty
water would you drink water that's so
murky you can't see through it well a
lot of people don't even have a choice
since they live in remote areas without
a centralized water system for them
purified water is the stuff of dreams
but now it can be a reality this amazing
powder kills off all bacteria and mixes
with dirt and pollutants so that they
fall to the bottom six biodegradable
bags these biodegradable bags made of
cassava starch completely dissolve in
water their creator
Kevin Kamala even proof it's not harmful
by drinking a glass of water with a
piece of this bag dissolved in it number
five whirlpool turbine looks like
eco-friendly turbines will be a big
thing in the near future this one has
just one moving part so it can operate
for longer and doesn't need much
maintenance it was designed to produce
electricity in rural areas and is
capable of continuously powering dozens
of homes 24 hours a day
for compost bin that turns trash into
gas well some of us can do that already
but this compost bin allows you to
create your own source of renewable
energy right in your backyard you can
place all kinds of food and organic
waste into the home biogas then bacteria
inside the bin decompose the organic
material and release biogas that travels
through a gas pipe and is ready to be
used for cooking number three
washing machine on pedal power
ingeniously dub the spin cycle this
machine just looks like a bike with a
plastic drum attached to it
but what it actually does is wash your
clothes while you go for a nice bike
ride this invention is perfect for
people who live in developing countries
and don't have access to electricity
number two water rotor water rotor is a
special turbine that harnesses green
energy from slow water currents this one
can create a sufficient amount of
electricity when it's submerged in water
that moves as slow as two miles per hour
number one charcoal made from poop yeah
I know just let me explain
believe it or not 2.3 billion people
live without access to a toilet that's
why poo becomes a real problem
especially if it seeps into the water
supply
so bright minds in Africa decided to
turn feces into fuel they first let it
dry for three weeks in a greenhouse and
heat it up at really high temperatures
after that the waste loses its smell and
you can start planning your next BBQ
after you so which of these inventions
would you like to try sound off in the
comments below me I'm not totally
convinced about the BBQ poo thing yet
well don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe to always stay on the
bright side of
[Music]